new triples are arrived
lavender our favorite color
you're pretty big
and that looks like they'll hang
together a little bit better than the
other ones Jenny
am I gonna have to squirt them with some
catnip huh maybe not we've had a rough
day today tried to get the ceiling fan
installed a new ceiling found our old
ceiling fan thirty years old is still
running pretty good but it was starting
to whimper this is the state our new
sitting fantasy Anna it's running the
wires are hanging down we're gonna have
to get the Casablanca guy out here we
couldn't get it to work with the light
fixture on it
that was all day today so the kitties
and I are exhausted I'm sitting around
well a worker person was in here on his
letter
we got new triples
new trouble toys me dribble toys
no I agree lavenders my favorite chew oh
well look at this
we just cut it out of the bag there's
some pecan it just came out of the bag
okay we know how to destroy these things
right away don't we I'll take that
my boy
me telling you guys be a pretty she's
just hoarding hers she's not going to
eat hers
he's very super con you can't use this
thing I gotta take it away from you if
you do that